cuda.core v1.0.0 release prep: support policy, release notes, doc cleanup (#2032)
NVIDIA/cuda-python: cuda_core/docs/source/release/1.0.0-notes.rst

  including string process state queries, lock/checkpoint/restore/unlock
  operations, and GPU UUID remapping support for restore.
  (`#1343 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/issues/1343>`__)
- Added green context support (CUDA 12.4+). New types :class:`Context`,
  :class:`ContextOptions`, :class:`SMResource`, :class:`SMResourceOptions`,
  :class:`WorkqueueResource`, and :class:`WorkqueueResourceOptions` enable GPU
  SM and workqueue resource partitioning. Create green contexts via
  :meth:`Device.create_context`, then use :meth:`Context.create_stream` and
  :attr:`Context.resources` to work within the partitioned resources.
  (`#1976 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/1976>`__)

> - Added the :mod:`cuda.core.system` module for NVIDIA Management Library (NVML)

Reviewer: This was added in 0.6.0.  Below is just changes (additions) to it.

```suggestion
- Changes to :mod:`cuda.core.system` module for NVIDIA Management Library (NVML)
```

  access:

  - :attr:`system.Device.mig` for querying and setting MIG mode, enumerating
    MIG device instances, and navigating parent/child relationships.
    (`#1916 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/1916>`__)
  - :attr:`system.Device.compute_running_processes` for querying running compute
    processes on a device, returning :class:`~system.ProcessInfo` objects with
    PID, GPU memory usage, and MIG instance IDs.
    (`#1917 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/1917>`__)
  - :meth:`system.Device.get_nvlink` for querying NVLink version and state per
    link, and :attr:`system.Device.utilization` returning current GPU and memory
    utilization rates.
    (`#1918 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/1918>`__)

- Re-wrapped NVML enums as human-readable ``StrEnum`` subclasses instead of raw
  integer re-exports from ``cuda.bindings.nvml``. Added
  :class:`~system.typing.GpuP2PCapsIndex`, :class:`~system.typing.GpuP2PStatus`,
  and :class:`~system.typing.GpuTopologyLevel` enums.

>   (`#2014 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/2014>`__)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Re-wrapped NVML enums as human-readable ``StrEnum`` subclasses instead of raw
  integer re-exports from ``cuda.bindings.nvml``. These are available in 
  ``cuda.core.system.typing``.
```

Reviewer: It will probably generate a merge conflict as a reminder, but not to selves: /IF/ we choose to merge #2037, we should make sure `typing` -> `enums` here.

Reviewer: #2037 not being merged, so we are good as-is here.

- Moved all :mod:`cuda.core.system` enums into a new :mod:`cuda.core.system.typing`
  module. Imports from ``cuda.core.system`` continue to work but the canonical
  location is now ``cuda.core.system.typing``.

>   (`#2022 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/2022>`__)

Reviewer: This is really part of the note above.  The fact that we merged it and them immediately moved it is uninteresting to our users.  It's also dangerously incorrect (their old locations will not continue to work, publicly).

```suggestion
```

Author: Yeah I already instructed my bot to avoid mentioning any changes that only happen within this development cycle and not user visible, but I haven't had time to review in full the generated release notes. My plan is to do the eyeballing after everything else is merged, like what I did last time (v0.7.0). Agents still get confused for a massive context like this.

  On ``Temperature``:

  - ``sensor(sensor=...)`` -> ``get_sensor(sensor=...)``
  - ``threshold(threshold_type)`` -> ``get_threshold(threshold_type)``
  - ``thermal_settings(sensor_index)`` -> ``get_thermal_settings(sensor_index)``

  On ``FanInfo``:

  - ``set_default_fan_speed()`` -> ``set_default_speed()``

- Removed 18 helper/data-container classes from ``cuda.core.system.__all__``:
  ``BAR1MemoryInfo``, ``ClockInfo``, ``ClockOffsets``, ``CoolerInfo``,
  ``DeviceAttributes``, ``DeviceEvents``, ``EventData``, ``FanInfo``,
  ``FieldValue``, ``FieldValues``, ``GpuDynamicPstatesInfo``,
  ``GpuDynamicPstatesUtilization``, ``InforomInfo``, ``PciInfo``,
  ``RepairStatus``, ``Temperature``, ``ThermalSensor``, ``ThermalSettings``.
  These classes are still returned by :class:`~system.Device` properties and
  methods but should not be directly instantiated by users.
  (`#1942 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/1942>`__)
- Removed ``BrandType``, ``NvlinkVersion``, ``PcieUtilCounter``, ``Pstates``,
  and ``TemperatureSensors`` enums from ``cuda.core.system``; the underlying
  values are now returned as plain strings or accessed through other APIs.

>   (`#2014 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/2014>`__)

Reviewer: Covered by the enum changes above.

```suggestion
```

Fixes and enhancements
-----------------------

- Fixed :attr:`Buffer.is_managed` returning ``False`` for pool-allocated managed
  memory (:class:`ManagedMemoryResource`), which caused DLPack interop to
  misclassify managed buffers as ``kDLCUDAHost``. The fix queries both the
  driver pointer attribute and the memory resource.
  (`#1924 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/1924>`__)
- :attr:`system.Device.arch` now returns ``UNKNOWN`` instead of raising
  ``ValueError`` when NVML reports an architecture not yet in the enum.
  (`#1937 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/1937>`__)
- :meth:`system.Device.get_field_values` and
  :meth:`system.Device.clear_field_values` with an empty list no longer raise
  ``InvalidArgumentError``.
  (`#1982 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/1982>`__)
- :class:`Linker` error and info log retrieval now properly checks return codes
  from nvJitLink, raising exceptions on failure instead of silently ignoring
  errors.
  (`#1993 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/1993>`__)
- Fixed a potential crash when NVML event set creation failed, due to
  ``__dealloc__`` freeing an uninitialized handle.

>   (`#1992 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/1992>`__)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a potential crash when NVML event set creation failed on Windows, due to
  ``__dealloc__`` freeing an uninitialized handle.
  (`#1992 <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-python/pull/1992>`__)
```
